June 6th 2013 I started today's video
that way because yesterday was the 6th
anniversary of my first Youtube upload
right here June 5th
2007 the reason I mentioning this today
as opposed to yesterday is because well
if you take into consideration leap year
and the changing of the type I just
forgot also drinking mineral water
instead of beer because I don't do that
anymore I'm a grown man I'm mature it I
drink all the time but it's 10:00 in the
morning I wait until 10 20 got 20
minutes I had more hair back then and I
have more weight now but I also have
more happiness this video is also
significant because it's my 800th video
nonchalant celebration yeah hooray yay
and it's significant because in the
comments many of you loved the slow-mo
segments of yesterday's video I'm sure
she's very lovable so today's video
entirely slow-mo I'm just moving and
talking really fast here's the raw
footage okay go back to Sona see what I
mean and on top of all of that today is
to Thursday Thursday free of branding
and links and calls to action so it's
just me and you just having a convo
shooting a breeze wording the word
throwing our thoughts tossing our
verbiage bobbing our language leaking
our idea juice slapping each other in
the face with subjects using our advert
rubbing our rhetoric stopping our
stories at each other actually it's just
me talking at you and you listening
because this is a YouTube video this
isn't a Skype call I don't think
yesterday oh also today I finally had my
removable roof installed since I moved
problem is there are people that live
above me so their entire apartment moves
so anyway today I think it's time for
one of my favorite things reflection
it's obviously not cleaning mirrors
that's not one of my favorite thing what
have I learned over these past six years
how have I changed the answer is really
not much and not much a lot of people
ask me tricks about you know promoting
your channel SEO like the proper titles
and tags and stuff I don't I don't know
I really don't know I don't know the
best way to do this I just do what I
enjoy I think I'm as good at internet
marketing as I was when I started which
is not at all I mean look at the title
of my video yesterday sleepy wheezy
parentheses sleazy question mark is that
really gonna bring in the people to do
what to look for on the internet today
what sleepy wieszczyk sleazy that's my
passion I studied that in college I was
on the sleepy weasel sleazy team in high
school I'm clicking on that faster than
a sleepy we just leaves Ashley's show
yeah I really don't have any tricks for
you in that department I think what I am
good at in this department is just being
prolific I upload lots and lots of stuff
800 friggin videos to be exact on this
channel probably could have gone about
it in a better way but that's really not
something I care about
I just want to be creative for a living
and that's what I'm doing and I love it
but how have I changed since I started
again not much I'm still the same guy I
still eat the same foods drink the same
drinks activity the same doing I still
poop actually interviewed rock and roll
singer Mike Dodie for an upcoming the
good stuff video and he said when you
get successful you're still the same
person
oh that's all your problems don't go
away I mean you might have more money
which will make things easier but all
the crap and your personality will still
be there if you have a drug addiction
you'll still have a drug addiction you
pick your nose in public you will
probably pick your nose even more
publicly if you have trouble getting
along with people that don't agree with
you it might even be worse when you're
successful because then you have a giant
ego there's one thing that's different
when I first started that video I had
nothing to lose I turned the camera on
there was no audience that was going to
judge me on my previous work or on my
current work I had a separate job so if
I failed at this I wasn't gonna starve
there was no structure to follow there
was no plot lines to continue it was
just me and a camera it was pure
nowadays there's a little bit more
pressure when I turn this camera on I'm
not complaining I would much rather be
turning this camera
then trying to turn my customers on it
my restaurant that I wait tables that
know that that's not what I mean serve
them food it wasn't that kind of
restaurant I know I grandma watches and
some of my little cousins watch and a
lot of little young people all over the
world watch and so when I talk about
drinking I'm like oh no am i causing
some young kid to become an alcoholic
make smart decision so what's changed I
guess is the responsibility that I feel
that I have and I think that's a good
thing I think probably the most
important thing that I've learned or at
least more fully realized is the thing
that affects your life the most is your
attitude you could be the richest person
in the world you could be the most loved
person in the world you could be the
world's most interesting man but if you
just focus on negative things you're
gonna be unhappy I don't always focus on
negative things but when I do Oh still
easy for me even though I'm doing the
job that I love to focus on things that
make me upset YouTube views are
declining I uploaded my video too late
today when my shirt was off in today's
video my nipples weren't perky enough
that one upsets me all the time so I
always try to not let those things get
to me too much because I think it's my
optimism that has gotten me to where I
am today so no matter what level of
success or lack of success you have if
you have a bad attitude bad things will
happen you have a good attitude not
guaranteed bad things won't happen but
be happier the people around you will be
kinder to you if I say hello to someone
and they respond like this hello right
I'm gonna walk away from that but if I
say hello
oh hello nice to meet you I like your
shirt oh thank you that was nice than I
probably continued a conversation with
them I bet your nipples are pretty perky
underneath there too I would stop there
though and I think the beardlover
community is one of the most positive
communities on the internet because we
have ignored the people with the bad
attitudes and we ourselves have good
attitudes in my first video I ended with
a song inspired by the bad attitudes of
my customers you made me feel so dumb
now I have a new song for you
beardlovers make me feel so good you
make me feel so good you make me feel
like my life is so good
thank you for your love
[Music]